
3 parts

1. Death Comes Knocking
2. Title in Progress
3. Title in Progress

Death Comes Knocking
--------------------

*knock knock*

You wonder who's knocking so urgently at this time, and answer the door.

"Hello Foo! Sorry I'm late. Lots of traffic. Can I come in please?"

You have no idea who this is and weren't expecting any visits, but they seem to know your name and mean serious business. And they have a strange air of authority about them that you've never felt before, and you've met your share of powerful people. Before you have a chance to object, they walk in anyway, into your kitchen. Spotting the cup of tea you just made yourself, they pick it up and take a sip.

"Hmm, not bad thanks. Anyway, let's get straight to business. I'm with the EES - the Extended Emergency Services. Necromancy division. Don't get much action of course, in fact this is my first case of needing to bring someone back from the dead since I started ... 243 years ago. People tend to get a bit funny when someone stops being dead, and just the tip of the iceberg."

You increasingly wonder about the sanity of this stranger, but somehow you suspect they might actually be telling the truth, and keep listening. Despite being fairly unhappy about the sheer audacity of someone to barge in to your home and steal your cuppa.

"You see, the clairvoyants spotted a change in the timeline. Real ones of course, everyone with true power is sworn to secrecy with very dire consequences if they let anyone know. At first, we thought it was just collateral from an incident last month, it does happen. But we've been increasingly suspicious that this was a deliberate plot by someone very powerful and very cunning. Whoever it was didn't leave much of a trail.

Now, there's a crucial series of events that were pivoting around a key moment in two days time. We think that someone has nudged events so that they won't play out correctly, probably for nefarious purposes. There's a person who is key to making sure that things do happen correctly ... but they're now due to die tomorrow.

Can't be avoided without causing more harm. Can't just resurrect them either, I know that's what you're thinking since that's my job. Trust me, we pulled a few all-nighters, and all the outcomes were surprisingly bleak. That's part of the reason we think there's someone very cunning behind this, it's far too unlikely to just be bad luck.

Don't worry, we eventually found a workaround, we just need to ..."

They get cut off as their phone rings.

"... sorry, got to take this."

The stranger walks off while starting to talk frantically on the phone, leaving you to try to process what's happening. You find yourself wandering into your living room. There's a strange musty smell, things seem to be slightly rearranged, and there's a strange <thing> on your coffee table.

...

You open <thing> and find a strange gem with dark swirling colours. Just then, the stranger walks back in, and you put the gem into your pocket.

"Sorry about that. As I was saying, we have a workaround. We just need to kill you a day early, on our own terms."

Before you have the chance to react, you have a large and ornate knife sticking into your chest, you think into your heart too. You collapse slowly onto the floor, and you hear one last thing.

"We pulled in a couple of extra favours on this one to give us a better chance, so please don't screw up."


Part 2
------

Note: The layout is 5 square-ish rooms in a hyperbolic space. You start with access to 4 of them, with the 5th locked with the same key from both sides. There's a pentagon space in the middle, cutting into each square. Second last thing is to open the 5th room. Inside there's a button, which opens up various objects (like clock faces etc). There's been a ball of string and hooks on the outside walls all along. Tie the string onto a hook and post it round the rooms, and you form a pentagram. The walls fade out, leaving just a small pedestal with a paper bag on it and a pentagram on the floor. You can't lift the bag without first putting the gem down on the pedestal, and you can't get the gem back. The pentagram lights up, and you leave.


You have a strange feeling as you suddenly change from lying on the floor in pain to standing up, without moving. You waver unsteadily on your feet for a few seconds as you adjust. Then, you look around to try to work out where the hell you are. You ... hope that's a figure of speech and you're not really in hell. How would you even know?

...

You place the gem down, and now you can lift the bag easily. You peek inside and find that it's full of small rough balls, about 2cm across. You have no idea what they are, but you suppose they're some sort of reward for getting this far and therefore potentially quite useful. For ... something, who knows what.

You put them in your pocket, and you see the inner pentagram light up. So you step inside, and have the reverse feeling of how you got here. Without moving, suddenly you're lying down on the floor.

Later that night, you're still trying to make sense of it all. The paramedics stitched up your wound, which they described as a small surface wound, you that you were lucky you weren't hurt worse when you slipped while chopping veg for dinner. That's what the stranger staged the scene to look like. Maybe this note you just found will explain more?

"Sorry again about today, I was more than a bit blunt. I guess it's too easy to do that when you're stressed and short on time, but it wasn't fair.

First of all, don't worry about the wound or your health. It's a special blade, and I've healed you up apart from a convincing enough surface wound to sell the story. And to leave enough of a scar that you never have to wonder if you dreamed this whole strange ordeal.

Second, call your boss tomorrow to say that you still want to come in to work the day after, even though you're not fit to work. It's been hyped up as an exciting evening, surely you wouldn't want to miss it? They like you enough that they should allow it. And that's the key to this workaround. We were prevented from letting you actually do your job due to the nefarious interference, but if you can still manage to be in the room, then we have a chance to fix this.

Good luck!"

Part 3
------

You turn up to the dinner. It was going to be an interesting night anyway. It's the annual celebratory dinner for the <thing> and there are rumours that there's going to be a big announcement in the after-dinner speech. But apparently, there's also some sinister plotting, and you're somehow involved.

But how? You're just a waiter! You might be smart, but you don't have much in the way of special skills. You can't wait for this to all be over so you can go home and chill out to one of your favourite m... oh no. Oh no no no.

You look around with a sinking feeling in your stomach as you realise what is probably going on here. Your colleagues might be really good at their jobs, but they'll just be focussed on the job. You realise you do in fact have one skill, of sorts, that they don't. You're a messive murder mystery fan. You've read and watched all the famous ones, and a whole bunch of weird niche ones (like Solve This Murder). And this dinner party is one of the classic settings.

It all fits. Waiting the tables, nobody could get up to much without you notiicng something suspicious, especially tampering with the food or drink. Dead, it would be much easier for someone to, well, get away with murder. On the sidelines, you hope you can do enough to solve this murder ... before it even happens? And maybe stop it happening? Usually the detectives have the advantage that a murder has actually happened and the murderer has left incriminating evidence behind, you'll need to make do without. Deep breath. You're smart, you can do this.

You look around the room ...

...

End: attempted murderer and victim share same allergy, that is also the murder weapon. You see them command a small creature to cause a distraction and slip it into the victim's food just as they're about to serve the food. The creature is very fast, almost like it can teleport, and is clearly making sure that nobody else can spot it. And it has a strange musty smell that you remember from when the stranger was in your house. So why is it not hiding from you?

You can bribe it will the balls, which are basically sweets, in return for a single favour. Get it to swap the plates so the baddie gets the tampered food. They don't die, but it does lead to them being caught.
